thank you thank you thank you so very
much and welcome to another live with
dr. hare we have remotely left our
studios in Chicago now we are in
beautiful Los Angeles California at the
fabulous simply wholesome restaurant and
health food store we outside live on the
fabulous patio on the corner of slauson
and overhill dr i get it right again
thank you very much again we're here at
trinity of organic root stimulator and
we are the menu effects of a large range
of products but today we are actually
focusing on hair repair now it doesn't
matter what you're wearing what type of
hair you have if you have a pleasant
curl if you have a relaxer if you want
it long hair and mama didn't give it to
you bought some and put it on if you
don't look too good then you got a wig
on that's okay it doesn't matter what I
want you to understand is that you've
got to take care of your own hair that's
the most important thing and so many
manufacturers are coming to you now tell
you this and that they're lying one
thing about organic root stimulator is
the fact that we used the functional
amount of natural ingredients to make
our products work so today you are in
for just a day of knowledge and evening
on afternoon of knowledge and then
you're going to be so surprised with
that surprises for you I have special
guests our director of marketing is here
from Chicago Illinois Angela Ferguson we
got one of our favorite bloggers he I'll
call a little piece of dynamite megan is
here with us and we just have surprises
for you galore so I'm going to come down
we'll be here until nine-thirty I think
tonight and we're going to actually
develop something that you have never
seen before we're going to analyze your
scalp for free microscopically we're
looking
what's going on inside so in your letter
paper is free but this is what we're all
about this will be a lot of fun today
and again maybe induct original Mitchell
aka dr. here I just flew in for generous
with South Africa that's how much I love
you I am tired 21 hours plan to get to
LA because I love you but I am so tired
of people lying to you about your hair
there are certain things that we do
because we are metabolically composed
ibid Lee you can't use this shampoo or
that shampoo you got to have a chef who
that's designed for your particular type
and texture of hair and your problems
then my studio audience I hope all of
you are healthy and well but like me
have that pressure hard problems i got
this medication i'm taking them on this
diet I mean this type of food i got no
carbohydrates low-fat I mean everything
is going on inside of us so what's
important is that each and every one of
you here with me build my viewing
audience and in the studio orders here
oh I just love that for the first time
here live with dr. hair I have a studio
audience i'm outside the studio so guys
I love you very very very very much and
will you do me a favor if you're going
to enjoy yourself today let me hear you
say yes actually I do color on this is
for you and again ladies and gentlemen
anything later on during the show you're
going to be able to ask me questions
we're going to have a meet and greet you
want to take pictures of me if you're
married and get a jealous husband don't
take pictures with me no no no no no no
I'm too young for that no don't do that
to me but you're quite welcome to become
a part of us so what we want to do with
Norma's elaborate towards the mother
company that manufactures organic root
stimulator is become educationally
intimate with you and you have to
understand it's been written so many to
have you heard this so many time for the
lack of knowledge my people perish and
this is what's wrong with us today we've
getting the wrong information when you
know better you do better and this is
why you're here today joining me and my
viewing audience and my studio audience
and to April and her fantastic staff
here at Shipley wholesome we just say
thank you thank you thank you
so stay with us exciting show and if you
will I want you to know that this day is
designed expressly for you you you and
even you so sleep with dr. hare enjoy
think about some questions you want to
ask about your hair why's my hair
shedding why am I losing my hair why its
my hair coming out the top of my head
what's wrong with my temples do I got
locks and you have anything for lots
I've got twists and braids I get weed I
got wigs I don't do anything but relax
my hair so many things are going on with
us and we need to know how to help
ourselves so the main thing today is
that I want you to understand that hair
repair is for broke hair what do you
mean broke hair hair that needs
repairing if your hair is dry your hair
is lacking in moisture so many many
things it's brittle over process under
process whatever's going on with you we
got the system to make it work for you
so stay with us and stay tuned just for
a brief message of knowledge and we'll
be right back with you with live with
dr. here from Los Angeles here is simply
wholesome outside on the patio on the
corner of overheal and slauson thank you